If you mistakenly chose to be nice to the
weird kid in school, then, after you ignored
some of their messages, they committed ritualistic
suicide so they could possess and murder your
friends and family so you could experience
their loneliness, what could you do?
In this video on Nerd Explains, I'll tell
you how to beat the Computer Witch, in, Friend
Request.
Let’s say we are Laura in the beginning
of the movie.
We don’t have perfect knowledge and we don’t
know how this ends, all we know is what the
characters know.
Can we beat this situation?
Let’s find out.
We start out as a popular, good-looking college
girl, with so many friends, so many, just
look at the facebook friend counter.
When grabbing lunch between classes, we glance
over and see a weird loner girl checking us
out from across the cafeteria.
Apparently she is in our psych class as well.
Later that night, she sends us a friend request
saying she’s from our psych class and hopes
we can be friends, with a smiley face.
This is the first important decision we need
to make.
I’d say denying her friend request is perfectly
justified.
Let me explain why.
We take a look at her profile and she has
zero friends, zero.
Every picture is put through a black and white
filter, and all her posts and images are really
dark and goth.
It’s abundantly clear we have literally
nothing in common with this girl.
The fact that she immediately wants to be
friends when she doesn’t even know us is
a bit concerning.
We haven’t hung out, participated in a study
group, or said anything to each other.
The only interaction we’ve had is seeing
her creepily check us out from across the
cafeteria.
There is nothing that should give us any reason
to become friends all the sudden.
I mean, I know this is college and people
are more willing to branch out and make friends
with strangers, but still, it’s strange.
Her animations and artwork are really good.
Considering the timeline, she’s completing
these and posting these like every day, which
would require a ton of skill.
This chick is talented.
Which means it’s even weirder that she has
zero friends.
How can someone with that talent and pronounced
set of beliefs not find a friend.
I’m sure plenty of people would be interested
in either talking with her about her sulky
shit, or hiring her for her artistic abilities.
This isn’t Salem where there’s twenty
uptight dicks in a medieval village.
It’s 2016 with the internet.
You can be the strangest, most fringe lunatic
imaginable and still find friends.
I don’t think it’s possible to not find
one decent, actual friend in the 4 billion
active internet users or 8 billion people
on this planet.
For christ’s sake there are entire groups
of people that dress up in animal suits and
fuck each other, and you can’t find one
friend, really?
She should have at least some friends, unless
ya know, there’s something horribly wrong
with her.
Maybe she wants a real life friend that models
what she considers to be the perfect life,
as an escape from her own deficiencies.
Maybe like Laura said, she’s just new and
started her Facebook profile.
Okay, but that’s super easy to check.
Facebook literally tells you when she created
her profile, not to mention you can scroll
her newsfeed or images to quickly see the
first post they made.
Considering she has zero friends, I’d check
to see if it was a new profile.
If it wasn’t new, that’s even weirder.
In the movie, Laura doesn’t click on her
images, which is the most laughable, unlikely
mistake.
A college girl who's obsessed with social
media doesn’t check out the images section
of someone’s Facebook profile, right.
If we did check this creepy girl's images
to see when her first post was, or just to
generally find out more about her, we’d
probably find more creepy shit.
And who on Earth accepts a friend request
from someone like this without some extra
investigation.
I’d definitely at least Google her to see
if she shows up on Murderpedia or something.
She’s not using her real name, Ma Rina,
which is odd as well.
There is literally no online information about
this creepy girl who wants to be our friend
out of the blue.
Red flags are popping up everywhere.
Marina also has trichotillomania, which is
a mental illness.
But, combined with everything else we know
about her, it’s most likely a form of self-harm
to seek relief from emotional distress, not
some advanced OCD.
It should be pretty obvious that she’s damaged,
probably suicidal, and obviously is lonely
and looking for someone to emotionally attach
and cling to.
If we continued to scroll her homepage a bit
we’d see her interests section.
In the movie they just scroll past this section
and think nothing of it.
Her interests section consists of some passable
stuff that a goth girl might be into, like
dark woods and magick.
The spelling of magick is interesting though,
as the k at the end is used to differentiate
it as occult magick, not some David Blaine
shit.
That’s a bit weird.
Hymenopterology, which is the study of wasps,
is also out of place.
So she’s just randomly interested in wasps,
nothing about this girl is normal.
If we type Magick and wasps into Google, the
results are about witchcraft.
There’s also a top interest on Scrying.
Scrying is some witchcraft that has to do
with portals to other realms or something.
Even though I don’t believe in witchcraft,
I'm still going to avoid people who do.
Oh, and how could I forget the disturbing
ass two-faced baby with the letters SRA.
A quick googling on this as well reveals that
SRA stands for Satanic Ritualistic Abuse.
What.
the.
Fuck.
Dark woods?
Okay.
Wasps?
Weird, but okay.
Scrying?
Obsessions of witchcraft are disconcerting
for sure.
Satanic Ritualistic Abuse?
Nope, fuck that shit.
I’m not accepting your friend request or
hanging out with you, ever.
With some common sense Facebook stalkage,
we’d 100% end up denying her friend request.
Simply avoiding adding her as a friend and
nipping this whole thing in the bud would
quite possibly stop all the future tragedies
from occurring as they did.
Now, there’s a chance that she’d fixate
on us and continue pressing us to be friends.
How should we handle this?
We need to ignore all her online messages.
If she confronts us in person asking if we
want to be friends, we’ll politely but firmly
decline.
If she doesn’t give up after we declined
all her previous advances, it’s pretty clear
we have a stalker on our hands.
According to Google, one of the most important
things to do at this point is to not engage
them at all.
Stalkers will typically misconstrue any contact
or interaction as validation of a relationship
between us.
We don’t want to make threats or jump straight
into obtaining a restraining order, this may
just infuriate them and cause them to get
violent.
Besides that, we need to document everything
that happens, stay vigilant, make sure our
home is locked up at night, and probably buy
some mace for good measure.
In California, which is where Laura is going
to college, stalking is defined as any person
who willfully, maliciously, and repeatedly
follows or harasses another person and who
makes a credible threat with the intent to
place that person in reasonable fear for his
or her safety, or the safety of his or her
immediate family.
If weeks pass and Marina hasn’t moved, and
instead has gotten more aggressive, elevate
the situation to the police.
You’ll likely be able to get her charged
with stalking with the evidence you’ve accrued
documenting all your encounters.
According to mental-illness-policy.org, if
someone is considered to be imminently dangerous
due to a mental illness, they can be involuntarily
admitted to a psychiatric hospital.
In the movie we later see that she’s already
been diagnosed with psychosis, reactive attachment
disorder, and trichotillomania.
Considering these illnesses will be discovered
when she’s being investigated, it’s likely
that we could get her involuntarily admitted.
If we successfully get her admitted, she might
not be able to do some ritualistic black mirror
suicide so she could possess and murder our
friends, and we could go about our life as
normal.
Say we stupidly accepted her friend request
through pity, and we went for a nice walk
after class to get to know each other.
Well, we’ll quickly realize our mistake
when she starts blowing up our DM’s saying
that she feels like our souls are connected
and we already know each other well because
we share everything on social media.
We start having nightmares of her standing
outside our window at night, and the next
morning we see that she has photoshopped a
picture of us two together, and is going through
every single one of our facebook posts.
She skypes us to ask about our birthday party
and if she can come.
What do we do now?
I’m in agreement with Laura’s friends,
saying fuck no, just in a nicer way.
Probably best not to lie about not having
a party when it’s going to be posted all
over our Facebook profile that she’s stalking.
We’ll just tell her it was nice meeting
her but this party is with our long-time close
friends and family and you haven’t really
known her that long.
She’s probably still going to blow up as
she’s mentally ill but it’s better than
straight up lying and for sure looking like
a bitch.
Or at least we can say our friends surprised
us.
I think either way we handle it, she’s going
to blow.
Like we talked about earlier, it’s better
to firmly decline and ignore, rather than
lie to the stalker and continue to validate
their perception that you’re in a relationship.
Hopefully doing this will avoid her public
freakout and humiliation that sparks her thirst
for revenge because she thinks we’re a lying
deceptive piece of shit.
It’s still likely that she’ll turn murderous
when we unfriend her on Facebook, as she’s
obviously treading a thin mental line between
functioning and psychotic.
Cue the archetypal thunderstorm the night
we unfriend her.
Definitely not a bad sign.
We hear some creepy voices in the hallway
and go to check it out.
There’s a black mirror on the wall, it’s
nothing that we put up, and it’s almost
identical to the one in Marina’s Facebook
newsfeed animation.
Personally, I would not look into that mirror,
hell no.
Our friend snaps us out of it, and we see
that the strange black mirror is gone.
I love how in the movie Laura just passes
this off as a bad dream like the nightmare
we had earlier on.
This is way different.
We were studying in our room, heard creepy
voices, and straight up completely hallucinated
a scrying mirror on the wall with a dark figure
moving in the mirror, exactly like Marina’s
animation.
If Laura was munching on shrooms before this
than sure, but otherwise this would be really
fucking alarming.
Considering we have a stalker after us that’s
into witchcraft, we definitely need to take
into account that something is happening that
can’t just be coincidental.
The next morning in class, the teacher announces
that Marina committed suicide.
Obviously we’re going to feel a bit guilty,
even though we did nothing wrong.
Up until now, it’s all been mostly unfortunate
and weird happenings.
But now, the seriously messed up shit starts
happening.
Later that night, we get a buzz on our computer.
It’s a message from Marina.
Ohhhhh shit.
Even worse, it’s a video.
It looks like a portrait sketch of us, probably
the birthday present she made for us.
The picture gets crumpled up by Marina, and
she hangs herself over a fire in front of
her webcam.
The real question is how did she get internet
connection down there, and how did she hit
stop record and then send the video after
committing suicide.
Spooky.
And why did she need to light herself on fire
and hang herself, seem redundant and overkill.
The next day, we get text messages asking
us, “Why we posted it on Facebook.”
Jesus, that phrase is enough to induce an
anxiety attack in anyone that hasn’t even
experienced what we have.
We log on and find out that Marina’s suicide
video was somehow posted on our Facebook page.
Of course we try deleting it, but we get an
unknown error.
We call Facebook’s customer support, they
say they physically can’t remove the post
or our account.
Okayyy.
If we’re being realistic, Facebook would
definitely identify the ghost code and Zuckerberg
would be getting a phone call within the hour.
In the movie we end up relying on Kobe, aka
hackerman, and find out that there is some
haunted ghost code that’s preventing us
from doing so.
Now this ghost code shit is pretty damning
that there is something crazy going on.
We also find out from Kobe that Marina is
still posting on Facebook.
And she’s posting some seriously disturbing
stuff.
What oh what shall we do?
I mean, even without there being ghost code
in the source code of the page, we can’t
allow a hacker to post suicide videos on our
online accounts.
Our reputation, future job prospects and relationships
are all going to be tainted.
We could also be charged with crimes for it
too.
The ghost code though, that’s the real concern.
And it’s not just a concern to you.
The hacking and supernatural abilities that
Marina possesses is an existential threat
to everyone on the planet.
This is definitely above our paygrade, which
is nonexistent because we’re a psych student
in college.
We need to take this to the highest level.
We need to contact Facebook, the police, the
government, science organizations, news agencies,
post on reddit forums, and literally spread
the word everywhere.
Since this ghost code can be seen by everyone,
and since Facebook was technically unable
to take our posts or account down due to it,
it’s reasonable to assume that anyone testing
this will run into this ghost code as well.
You think Zuckerberg isn’t going to flip
shit at haunted code controlling Facebook
and posting suicide videos that can’t be
taken down?
The brightest minds and organizations with
the biggest budgets will start working on
reverse engineering it and come up with a
plan to remedy it.
Finding out what’s going on is super important.
These black mirrors are supposedly interdimensional
or something, I mean, we could easily end
up doing something wrong or not knowing about
an important danger of them,
We’d also succeed in convincing everyone
that we actually can't delete the videos on
our account and that nobody should be mad
at us because our account is essentially being
hacked by a super hackers ghost code.
Unfortunately, nobody would be able to stop
Marina's next actions.
We find out Gustavo is dead.
There is security footage of his death.
He seemingly lost his mind and committed suicide
by bashing his head into the wall repeatedly.
Obviously this is not Gustavo's doing.
All this shit is connected.
Marina's witchcraft and suicide, our hallucination
of the scrying mirror, the ghost code.
While taking it to the highest level is still
probably the best course of action, let’s
instead see what we could personally do without
the rest of the world intervening.
It doesn't take much digging to reveal that
in fiction and folklore, scrying mirrors were
used as portals to communicate with other
realms,and they can be used to possess unsuspecting
onlookers.
It’s probable that Marina possessed Gustavo
through a black mirror hallucination like
the one we experienced.
It sounds fucking rediculous, I mean, what
is this the plot from a shitty netflix horror
movie?
Nothing that's occurring seems to be possible,
but extraordinary circumstances calls for
extraordinary solutions.
We find out via a 4chan article, that the
only way to defeat it is to destroy the mirror
that Marina used for her suicidal scrying
ritual.
Before trying to destroy a mirror based on
a 4chan article, we'd probably want to consult
with the scientists we opened a dialogue with
earlier.
Ya know, just in case 4chan was somehow wrong.
Marina posts the footage of Gustavo’s death
on our Facebook page.
We try to write on our Facebook page that
we aren’t in control and that it’s being
hacked.
Before we can post it, Marina hacks it and
rewrites a different message.
She writes that she wants us to feel as alone
as she does.
Starting with Gustavo, she’s going after
our friends and family, one by one, killing
them via possession driven suicide.
What do we do?
Since we can’t feel lonely if we’re dead,
we’re most likely safe.
With Gustavo being singled out and killed
earlier, Marina doesn’t appear to be able
to possess and kill multiple people at a time.
By themselves, our friends and family are
vulnerable.
Together, they are safer.
If Marina can only possess one of them at
a time, then the others in the group could
restrain them before they harm themselves.
While it’s risky, it’s necessary.
We need to contact all of our close friends
and family.
We need to tell them that after this call
they need to drop all their technology, drop
their phones and laptops, drop anything that
could resemble a mirror.
Anything that can resemble a black mirror
is dangerous as it’s a portal that Marina
can use to possess them and force them to
commit suicide.
Tell them they need to throw some food and
water into a backpack and to all meet up at
a nearby park.
They need to get rid of any weapon, as there
is nothing real that attacks them, Marina
will just make them commit suicide with it.
Tell them we’ll find and tell them when
it’s safe to return.
These people have known us for a long time,
there is enough evidence of crazy shit going
on to convince them.
If we say to do this and that they need to
trust us, they will probably do it.
Now that they are as safe as can be, we can
attempt to find and destroy the black mirror,
or laptop, that Marina used in her suicide.
It’s our best shot at stopping this.
We need to figure out who the fuck Marina
actually is.
Although the school database was wiped, her
dorm room contained lots of evidence.
Most importantly, a picture of her orphanage
with her as a kid.
Easy enough, go to the orphanage, show them
a picture of her, get a name from their records.
We find that her last name is Marina Nedifar.
We also get some lovely stories about how
she was tormented and bullied.
Bonus points for getting the orphanage shut
down for allowing bullying and physical abuse
of the orphans, and doing absolutely nothing
about the severe mental issues that an orphan
was improperly dealing with.
Marina is not discrete at all, she pretty
much posts everything that matters to her
online.
All her posts, artwork, and animations are
clues as to what she is dealing with, her
childhood trauma, who she’s going to kill
next, and important locations.
It won’t be hard to find the place of her
suicide as she’s very sentimental and likely
to off herself at a place of deep emotional
importance.
This will also be the place of the black mirror
we need to destroy.
Here’s the tricky part, and where Laura
fucked up in the movie.
We already know that looking into black mirrors
is dangerous, as it’s an attack vector for
Marina.
The black mirror that Marina committed suicide
infront of is probably particularly dangerous
to look at.
In the movie, when Laura got close to the
computer, Marina started calling to her to
come to the computer.
Uh you should do the opposite of that shit.
In order for scrying for work and a demonic
internet connection to occur, you need to
be reasonably close and gaze into the black
mirror.
So whatever you do, keep your distance, don’t
look at it, blindfold yourself if possible.
Maybe bring a molotov cocktail and toss it
at the computer.
Once you’ve destroyed the original black
mirror, you need to make sure you actually
stopped Marina.
Test deleting the Facebook posts and checking
for ghost code.
If it's not there, go find your friends at
the park and reintroduce tech to one person
in the group.
We’ll also want to use a buddy system for
the following week so that nobody is completely
alone if they do get possessed somehow.
If destroying the mirror doesn’t stop the
killings, the only other option is to kill
ourselves.
It’s a shitty option and doesn’t necessarily
stop Marina, but if it’s between that and
all your friends and family getting murdered,
it might be the right choice.
Hopefully it doesn’t come to us killing
ourselves though.
Hopefully, we were able to make enough correct
decisions to successfully not get possessed
and turned into Marina 2.0 like Laura at the
end of the movie.
What do you think?
How would you beat Marina?
Let me know in the comments.
If you enjoy these how to beat videos, consider
subscribing.
If you have a movie you’d like me to talk
about beating next, let me know.
Thanks for watching, later.